- [Instructor] Let's take a look at l10n
and i18n and support with the Spring MVC.
l10N is localization.
There are 10 characters between l and n.
I18n is internationalization.
18 characters between i and n.
And what are these concepts?
This process is basically used
to localize or externalize messages and labels
for an application.
All your GSP forms have a huge set of labels
that you wish to display.
Also the success or the validations that you carry out
the error messages corresponding to that,
the information messages that you want to display,
all of those are basically supposed to be localized
or externalized
and that is what we mean by providing localization
and internationalization support.
Why do you need that?
Let's say you have a lot of GSP pages
and you have a lot of controls on those GSP pages
in your forms,
which more or less have the same labels.
A username could be shown on a login page
and a username could also be shown
on a registration page.
This success messages may be common to many screens.
The error validation messages that you have,
those also could be common.
So there are two parts here.
When you say localization
you mean that you're localizing those error messages,
trying to pick them up from a central place
in your project
instead of duplicating it across pages
or across your classes.
Let us not hard code the messages anywhere.
Instead let's pick them up from a common file.
That is localization.
When you expand that concept,
there is another level for internationalization.
What's that about?
Often in your web application,
you have this very common requirement
to expose your website in different languages.
So when I am in US or when I am in the UK
or any other European country,
the entire website has to be displayed
in the respective locale
or the respective regional language.
So your website, if it needs to do this,
then it needs to plug in the internationalization support
in your application.
Now with Spring MVC you have an Automatic Locale Resolution.
What that means is we already have talked
about LocaleResolver type.
We have known that this is the one that will help you
to pick your locale according to a particular region
and then help display your entire website
for internationalized views.
So this is the one that is the official type registered
inside Spring MVC to do the job for you.
And of course there are many implementations of it.
Default implementation is AccepHeaderLocaleResolver
This is configured for you by default
within the framework
so if you want to inject the capability
of localization and internationalization,
you can quickly do it.
In the next video we'll see automatic locale resolution
and then we'll also see locale resolution
with one of the other LocaleResolver implementations.